Very high turn over rate.
Benefits are great but they don’t pay the bills. Expect to work another job.
Lower pay, less career growth as far as name recognition
Probably not too much room for advancement
big company, gossip some times is inevitable with lots of people
Pay may be below market.
the pay is not the best the benefits make up for it
"40 percent turnover
low pay
pathetic benefits
inept leadership
depressing culture
no pay rises or career pathways
grumpy employees"
Politics can impact the ability to get work done.
Very high turn over rate.
Benefits are great but they don’t pay the bills. Expect to work another job.
Lower pay, less career growth as far as name recognition
Probably not too much room for advancement
big company, gossip some times is inevitable with lots of people
Pay may be below market.
the pay is not the best the benefits make up for it
"40 percent turnover
Your pay is tied to the legislature. You typically get a 1-2.5 percent cola. That's it. Very high turnover rates right now.
If management doesn't like you, they'll find a way to get rid of you. Forget about getting any help from the Department of Public Safety's HR department. Anything you say they'll sweep under the rug and say "inconclusive" and disregard any argument, or claim you have. HR here treats the Driver's license division like the unwanted step child of the DPS.
Little to no raises. If you don't work in SLC you are not important. They don't hire from within. No chance for advancement. Been here along time and have worked weekends most of it ... No chance to change. No Family time
The pay is lower than other receptionist jobs.
Lots of change, management vying to constantly improve processes always adding things to job description
Low wages, high turnover rate
Caseload  can be overwhelming amid your work is never caught up.
"No growth opportunities
Benefits seemed to get worse every year"
The wages you can expect working for the state of Utah are not always competitive.
Sometimes limited upward management opportunities.
Pay could be better, most of the POs I work with have a second job or side hustle.
Government jobs can be frustrating.
Work was not super engaging.
Lack of support from management. I was given benefits then had them taken away because "there wasn't money in the budget" for them. After 12 years of working hard I was told my job was probably going to go away in a few months. I got an additional part-time job, then was told I had a few hours to decide to quit one of the jobs. Because of the way I  had been jerked around, I chose the other job. So then I had to resign "effective immediately". This was after I worked very hard, taking on a full-time caseload with part-time hours. The boss said "thanks for the good times" and that was it - no farewell from anyone and my email, etc, disabled immediately.
Advancement opportunities are not automatically available and usually require leaving one State of Utah job for another.  Annual pay increases are set by the legislature and are usually in the range of 0-2.5%.  Salary increases for merit are rare.
low salary and not too much motivation
Have not experienced any cons.
Pay is a struggle for the first 5 years and then gets a little better. Innovation can be held back because of strict or bureaucratic rules.
Difficult to advance, management does not have real world experience
Politics involved in the DABC overshadowed by austere policies that don’t protect State employees. low morale and low pay equal the State legislators opinion of this particular retail industry. Tho State government does not care for or treat the employees of the DABC as valuable employees, the bottom line is always dropping out with every year that passes. Managers are overworked, employees are mistreated, and this comes from the top down!
Low pay.   A lot of bureaucracy.
jobs are very specific and hard to qualify for
Lives up to the reputation of government work.
The pay is not great.
You sometimes can have issues with bureaucracy, just in the sense that it takes a while to accomplish some things.
Salaries, Opportunity for advancement or growth are not really there
Change doesn't happen quickly, some heads of departments are appointed so they aren't the best managers, some employees are just putting their time in until retirement--not really passionate or interested in their work.
No incentives; pay is lacking in a big way; advancement opportunities are terrible and infrequent; no rewards/acknowledgment/etc. for working hard or excelling at your job (i.e. the slacker and the insanely hard worker get paid the same and treated the same); no overtime available; constantly questioned for using earned time off.
politics and small town mentality at times will get in the way of doing the job
"Difficult clientele
High stress 
Burnout
High turnover rate
Low pay"
hard to promote within the company
Terrible salaries. The benefits are good, but you can't thrive on the salary.
Do not value employees or else it is controlled from somewhere else.
"Lots of policies and red tape
Slow to react
Hard to get raises"
Same as with the private sector: some employees don't carry their weight; personal issues among some staff that impact others;  supervisors who don't clearly communicate expectations
A lot of deadlines, and dealing with the courts.
Raises and growth opportunities are far between
High stress and low pay.
Career opportunity is lacking and very little feedback/engagement from management.
Work is not particularly stressful.
micro management, political, lack of support
Lower pay then private sector.
the drive is too long
The department executive director along with all their appointees created a terrible work culture (e.g. nepotism, favoritism, hostile work environment, high turnover, low morale).  For professional-level fields, the compensation is horrible and falls far below industry standards. Limited advancement opportunities unless you're white, male, and Mormon (few exceptions).
Not a lot of upward mobility
"Pay is nothing to brag about. 
Work schedule can be rough.
Immediate supervisors are great, but they can only do so much."
tough hours and had long days
I have not found any negatives with the benefits.
Stressful dealing with the public
You have to deal with both lower case p and upper case p politics. Leadership changes so often that it seems like you never get to finish an initiative. Individual leaders' careers goals can sometimes drive the agenda rather than doing something that is best for the bottom line.
Very slow environment even during legislative session season when most of the hill is so hectic.
some of the negative feedback from the families when they get mad.
They pay isn't the best.
When you're a new employee, you'll most likely work the afternoon shift, 1:30 PM to 10:00 PM. And your days off will be Tue/Wed. After a few months, you'll be able to change shifts or days off.
No overtime opportunities. Weekend work.
Not too much room for working up the 'latter' and the pay isn't very good.
Not much room for advancement if you're not actively courting it
Poor wages and too much micro management.
uneven work and life balance
Can not think of anything
Slow with raises and can be overwhelming at times.
micromanaged at times and not valued
bad pay, working with public can be tough
Working for any State of Utah administrative agency means low pay for your skill set unless you're in the upper echelon of leadership.
Lies to its employees when hired.
The wages are a joke. Everyone makes below market. The raises are a slap in the face. You get 1-2% increase and That's it!
Very limited upward mobility. Treated as disposable.
Becoming a Director or supervisor is by how long you have been with the department.  Favoritism. Most directorsor supervisors  are not qualified or know the position they are put  in.  Management openings are not usually open for employees to apply.  Managers are taught and trained in their divison as they go along.  Most directors or supervisors lack people and leadership skills.  Goals and audits are not placed on management like they are on regular employees.
Political atmosphere, backstabbing administration, health hazards.
They pay lowest salary possible. Very little advancement opportunities. Friends=advancement. High turnover. Micromanaging environment.
Favoritism, unfair work distribution, too much waste
Utah is one of the lowering paying states for this position. Pay raises are only a few cents. Benefits have gone up in price and cancel out pay raise. Extremely difficult to raise a family on  low salary.
Dealing with all the rabble, meaning offender population and staff occasionally.
Insufficient human resources.  Workload per person on team extremely high.
Flexible work hours not always possible
The pay  at the time was okay for a Direct Support Professional  $10.80 and now is $11.10 if I'm not mistaken. It is 2016 and They should be offering more in the range of  $12 an hour if they want to hire and keep their people.
Low pay, nasty environment, and very little communication and appreciation given to staff.  Fixed shifts. Consistently short staffed.
The organization/department for which I worked was not fair and acted in a very troubling fashion.
low wages and perks compared to private sector
Everything is subject to public scrutiny and consensus is virtually impossible.  The Governor and leadership provide very little leadership and support.  They ask the world then provide no tools to help ensure your success.
Usually have to know someone to get in the door
Poor work ethic with some of the coworkers
"Relatively low pay
Politics (everywhere, but a bit more here)
Evident poor work habits in some long-term employee's
Not much room to move up
Upper management seems out of touch. I guess that's to be expected when working for government. No competition means no way to quantify efficiency, or anything else."
Increasing workload due to additional underfunded mandates.
They are a government agency and have convinced themselves that they are efficient when in reality they are anything but. There is also a buddy system and being able to get assistance when needed is nearly impossible. When you have to seek assistance elsewhere you are chastised for not going to your senior agents or manager, even though they are nowhere to be found most of the time. Management and employees also arrive late, and this is acceptable as long as you are part of the "in" group. They don't reward hard work; they reward brown-nosing.
Hard work goes unappreciated. My direct supervisor was awesome, however there is a complete disconnect with upper and state management. Not a lot of opportunity for advancement. Don't expect a pay increase.
"-Lower salary
-No incentives
-Lack of innovation
-Cultures are hard to break through"
Pay much lower than industry which good benefits don't quite make up for
"-Terrible management, basically work there long enough and you will become a supervisor by seniority not by ability which is pretty lame. 
-Once you pass 1 year of probation you pretty much keep the job even if your not doing a good job, you end up working with people who probably shouldn't be there."
Not great salary, can be political
Performance Bonuses and Raises are not up to standard, public sector so expect this...
Salary increases controlled by state legislature
Government regulated and increases are few and far between.
There are some people that are difficult to work for.
Only way to really make a decent wage is to get into management. Office politics are bad if not worse than the private sector. Government waste is prevalent.
Very hard to move up.
No benefits unless you are full time, if you are FT you will get paid less but be eligible for benefits.
Lacks raises. A lot of the work is relied on the mid-management with lack of compensation. External interviews are based purely on interviewing, none of your performance is considered.
no upward mobility, no access to newer technologies, not many development opportunities and poor pay as an employee
Despicable wages and incredible insensitivity toward the value of the individual and the desire to make a positive difference. You give your heart and soul to making a contribution and the uppity up administrators end up shredding your program in teeny tiny pieces.
Managers are sometimes promoted without being qualified, pay never changes
not any that i can think of.
governor established pay reviewed yearly with the legislature
Everything was pretty much a con
The higher ups don't care about the employees
Jaded, aloof  and apathetic staff that will do anything in their power to avoid working, thus avoid helping those in need. Workers are entitled and act as if clients are taking from their personal pockets.
I cannot think of any at this time.
While the overall perception is that government entities are transparent in their hiring and promotional decisions, at times it becomes very frustrating when people are hired and promoted to jobs that weren't even posted.  This situation is especially rampant at the Department of Workforce Services.
None at this time, excellent place to work
Salery is aweful. Private sector jobs average pay is 3 to 4 times the amount. Benefits at risk every yearly legeslation session. Legeslatures get big raises and the rest of the state employees get 1%. You literally sink financially trying to keep a benefit package.
"If you stay less than 4 years you don't get any of the pension/401K money put in by the state.
The salary is lower than in the private sector."
Inconsistent staffing, sometimes there is inconsistency between the staff and the leader of the program.  This can lead to a lot of confusion, and it can be hard to keep up with the recent changes.  There is no overtime.
"Constant changes that are not thought through, no acknowledgement from Administration.
More work, less pay"
Little opportunity for advancement. No merit pay increases for caseworkers in 7 years. Caseworkers are over worked and under appreciated. Clients yell at employees daily.
Telling customers what they didn't want to hear at times.
Bureau does have the reputation of promoting people within so moving up is almost impossible.
I did not always feel safe going to work. Because of the nature of the job, you have to be willing to set aside some of the normal expectations of a safe work environment.
low pay, management did not have any managerial experience
Limited advancement. Salary increase is based on length of time with employer, and only an minimum increase across the board yearly.  Rarely performance raises.
In their attempt to cut the budget they have eliminated a lot of positions and not a lot of room to advance
The pay isn't competitive at all. It's a government job, so your managers don't really have any say over anything.
"Not challenging work environment.
Low pay, with rare raises."
Not much room for advancement. Low pay. Working with troubled youth can be difficult for a lot people. You see people at their worst. There is a potential for  burnout
I don't work for Weber State... I Tried to change the company but the search was not very comprehensive. Some of the downsides to working with the DWR is that they are revenue driven. Not everybody is working for the betterment of Utah's Wildlife and the state. Most are working the jobs for themselves oblivious that they are part of something bigger and that they have a responsibility to improve the biodiversity and health of the ecosystems in Utah. Because the people of Utah deserve that in their beautiful State.
There is an unusual culture. This place is very relationship driven. You are more likely to get better assignments and promotions based on your relationships with people then you are for your accomplishments. Its actually makes people do bad work to get ahead; when they know it will make someone in authority look good.
Political issues, work hard and stuff
If you are looking to grow in your career a lot there is not a lot of room unless somebody retires or leaves.  Pay is typically below average, though the benefits offset the lower pay to certain degree.  Pay raises are generally at the mercy of the whims of the legislature, and in the recent past have been near nothing, though that might be improving some.  They can struggle to keep up to date with the industry in general in some regards.
Hr vs salary, CYA environment, poor comm between depts, really stuck in "this is the way we do it" even though no one likes it.  NO common sense to change or improve anything.  Spend (waist) tons of money, then complain how much money they don't have.
Better communication between management and staff would be great
Highly Production Driven, Government Organization
Politics, not financially competitive. Benefits have decreased in the last 5 years.
Pay no raises management  lack of interest in staff
Little innovation.  Bad relationship between business and It/technical department (DTS).  Many people don't work to hard.
Very favoritism oriented on who is promoted within. Don't rock the boat because the groupthink politics are very engrained. Micromanagement was the norm when I left. Closed door policy in practice when dealing with management. Corrective action applied inconsistently. If management decides they want you gone, they find a way to fire you. Once fired from a Utah State job every agency can access that record and it amounts to a "blacklist."
"Every employee is required to undergo 'hardship duty' at the information desk at least once a day; the Real ID Act makes for a multitude of required documents, which most people WILL NOT have, which also makes for increased tensions; truck drivers (CDL) usually difficult to deal with; state and federal laws are often difficult to interpret, and might not always be interpreted and carried out correctly, which leaves you wondering if you, or your supervisor, are making the right decisions for CITIZENS and non-citizens alike.

Lastly, the pay is deficient."
Managers are really unhappy, and don't want to be there. They make it really miserable to be there.
"Office culture here is tarnished by diplomacy. It is very hard to make change and disrupt the culture. Mavericks, you have been warned.
Salary is lacking compared to national standards by nearly 20%, but they have decent health care."
Long hours and little to no raises.
This was a high-stress work environment.  Turnover was high.  I only lasted 2.5 years. The starting pay was meager. Benefits started out great, but gradually became more expensive and worse (adding a deductible, etc).  We had to be available after hours for when crisis inevitably occurred.
The incessant data entry can get pretty dull, but they're usually good about breaking up tasks.
State Auditor is an elected position and employment status could be affected by politics.
LOW PAY! All those benefits but the pay is so extremely low that many people have second jobs just to make a living. Health benefits and retirement benefits are becoming more and more like a corporate company but the state will not pay people what the corporate world will. Millions of auditors, not a penny gets spent without it getting scrutinized.
Not innovative. Not ambitious for excellence. Poor, very poor management. I don't understand how so many managers have graduated from this supposed Certified Professional Managers (CPM) course at The U and continue to provide such sub-par performance.
Hard work isn't rewarded. You have no chance of ever being promoted or getting raises. The pay is really low. They are not flexible with hours. It's an 8-5 M-F gig. At one point they had a 4 - 10 schedule and even though all of the employees loved it, the state did away with it. I felt like they didn't want career long term employees.
High case load, could be very stressful at times.
Extremely high stressful job, not worth the pay.
Pay isn't good any more
"Hard work is not rewarded, so you end up with people that just do the bare minimum. 
There is little opportunity for raises unless you keep changing jobs - to a higher paying one."
Utah tends to pay the bottom of the pay window.
no bonuses, no company paid holidays
Good be better if try more
No growth, supervisors are not very intelligent
lower management no good. This is hard to get by because you spend months together out on fires. I did two seasons with 3 different crew bosses. Did not have one crew boss who was good to work for. We had lots of experience on different fires but it was hard with difficult crew bosses.
Terrible pay, extremely slow and few advancement opportunities. Much like advancement, it takes forever for people that deserve to be fired to be let go.
salary isn't as good as it should be
Abandon all hope yee who enter here. ....
Best employees do not always advance
low pay, not many raises either.
Elected officials score political points by keeping state employee salaries far below market value. Jobs that do pay well are awarded to friends and family. I lost motivation to seek stick with this employer after I witnessed two separate incidences of nepotism. To make matters worse, people didn't seem to think there was anything wrong with nepotism.
Too many meetings. Masculine perspective from both staff and inmates.
Full of mediocre middle management and abusive supervisors.  Salaries are overinflated for managers and directors, the little people are paid peanuts.  Negative reinforcement is the management style, ignorance of complaints and inflexible and rigorous are the rules and policies.
"Incompetency is accepted and even promoted.
Innovation is not rewarded by recognition or advancement.
New programmers hired in at higher wages than existing employees."
"Some bureaucracy and slow implementation
Not at the high end of compensation.
Commute times are relatively high for the type of position and compensation."
Hard to advance as many are selected because of who they are pals with.
Some managers are not proficient at their jobs. It causes a lot of extra work for those under them. There is not a lot of communication between them. It is obvious.
The job can sometimes get stressful with continually changing goals and standards
"It can be very hit-or-miss with regards to management.  Many areas have very reasonable managers/supervisors that work well and encourage and reward employees, other areas have terrible managers with terrible interpersonal skills and a complete lack of professionalism.  In my experience, incompetent individuals have been promoted to management based merely on their incompetence at performing their duties, and it was easier to promote than to go through the process of building a case for termination.  In general I would say that this is becoming less common, and HR is getting better at preventing such things, but incompetence is still all to common.
Raises, bonuses, and incentives are essentially non-existent, which leads to general apathy."
The salary as a state employee is far below what would be expected in the private sector. Also, any secondary employment has to be approved and cannot have any potential conflicts of interest making it very hard to find a second job that uses your job skills. Another con is the lack of opportunities for advancement.
You can feel like a sausage in the grinder because there is not a lot of variety in this job.  But, you can definitely learn a ton at Dept of Workforce Services.
"Some management tries to prevent you from using comp-time earned through overtime.

Technical staff are not paid as much as found in private sector.

Budgets are always shrinking, so raises are rare.

No Paid Technical training.

Multiple Departments have different agendas which sometime conflict with each other."
Working for the State of Utah historically has had great government benefits: health care, defined pension benefit plan, etc. however these have been steadily eroded by the legislature in recent years.
Increased costs of benefits; understaffed; 3-4 month hiring process, then another two months training before staff can actually work; unable to have a word in any decisions. Some administrators do not listen to suggestions from some employees, but will to their "favorites".  An atmosphere of distrust among employees toward administration.
Bureaucratic to the max. Its funny, there are many in the organization that eschew inefficient  government bureaucracies. They believe they are above it all and their work follows the private sector. These are typically the worst offenders.
"Management is not involved - unless an agency complains
Grossly outdated, inefficient procedures
Consistently ranks last in the state agency  annual employee moral survey
Jobs are filled by upper management, even if the department manager objects
Little adherence to industry best practices
Blame game environment
1% raise in 3 years
Lack of inter agency coordination - every agency for themselves
A lot of politics
The fired CIO's right hand man was not let go at the same time"
Merit system fosters Mediocrity (saw people reading novels, taking naps, etc at desks), poor pay raises (legislators have to approve pay increase rather than the boss)
With the economy there is a lot of employee condensation.
"Pay is low
Legislature keeps cutting funding so there is no job security
Politics - decisions are based on perception"
Managers micro-manage a lot. Pay is low. No room for advancement unless someone dies. New ideas/process improvements are not met with open minds.
They have no regard for their employees  Politics rule
Can be very stressful. Something is always changing. Difficult to compete with candidates in Northern Utah when job openings are posted for promotions within the agency.
Too many politics and not enough pay
We haven't had a pay raise in several years. There is a strong antigovernment sentiment within the local community and elsewhere throughout the state.
Increases in health care costs and no increase in actual living wage for many years.  Sr. management and line workers are not on the same page.  Legislation is process by which funding is given to do business is not very integrous.
State employment is not a money maker. Alot of criticism from outside for what we do. Helping the public.
Not much advancement forseen in the future.
"Upper management
Respect shown to employees"
No communication between the SLC city office and other offices.  No contact from the upper management.  Never left their SLC City office to come meet people in other offices.  No recogniziation of other offices from the main office.  When cuts had to be made, they alway cut people in other offices, never the main office because they know them, and it made it easier to let go of people they have no relationships with.  Lack of getting critical information out to other offices.
Incompetance is encouraged. Theres an atmosphere of lets do as little work as possible, come in late, be out sick, leave early without reporting it and those who do their job or complain when others dont (not me but another staff member) are gotten rid of. The only thing upper management wants is for their budget to be met regardless of if the job is done. No employee reviews done despite repeated requests. People promoted because of their ability to be manipulated by the director rather than because of their skills and abilities. A very negative environment in which to work...management gives trainings on not gossipping and such and during the training is in the bathroom talking about people.
The current economic situation has forced the State of Utah to be driven by budget concerns.  There has been a reduction of benefits especially for new hires.
